Input:  /Users/yeabkal/Startup/clip_frames/clip7
Prompt: /Users/yeabkal/Startup/basis/packages/core/tests/prompts/vlm1-activity.txt
Model:  accounts/fireworks/models/qwen3-vl-30b-a3b-instruct
Frames: 15
Extract: 0.0s
VLM:     25.8s

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
The user begins on a screen titled "Screen recording storage and searchability optimization" within a chat interface. They are reviewing a document that discusses a "producer model" and its role in defining a "moment," which is composed of "Deltas" (references to codebook entries) and "Content blobs" (actual text, OCR, screenshots). The user is particularly focused on the "Relationships I'm less sure about" section, which questions the hierarchy of the codebook and the structure of "VS Code" components like "file tree," "editor pane," and "terminal." The user then navigates to the "Cowork" tab, which has a prominent heading "Let's knock something off your list" and a text input field that initially reads "How can I help you today?". The user types a query into this field: "can you use my twitter bookmarks to research this 'The codebook has hierarchy potential. 'VS Code' contains 'file tree', 'editor pane', 'terminal'. A moment might reference the top-level 'vscode' but delta against the 'editor pane' specifically. Is the codebook flat or nested? Nested gets you better compression but more fragile references.'". After typing, the user switches back to the "Chat" tab, where they scroll through a conversation. The chat log shows a message from the user stating, "hi let's utilize the core principles I've mentioned in my preferences about how I want you to think. I am trying to store and use my screen data. basically a recording of everything that I am doing on my screen so you or any other agent could be one to one with me on stuff that I am doing. However with that comes a few problems: data compression cause I want it local, searchability for the agent, and limited context window during that search. With that here are a few of the ideas that I have: * 1st collect only frame diffs." The user then returns to the "Cowork" tab, where the text input field now contains the same query as before. The user then types a new message: "can you use my twitter bookmarks to research this 'can you do a bit of deep research on this 'The codebook has hierarchy potential. 'VS Code' contains 'file tree', 'editor pane', 'terminal'. A moment might reference the top-level 'vscode' but delta against the 'editor pane' specifically. Is the codebook flat or nested? Nested gets you better compression but more fragile references.'". After typing this, the user switches back to the "Chat" tab, where the screen now shows a response from the AI assistant. The response reads: "we would rather lean on being comprehensive but maybe the idea is that we use the compressed version 'edited the auth function' for searchability and keep 'the text content alongside it'". The user then navigates back to the "Cowork" tab and types a new query: "can you use my twitter bookmarks to research this g". After typing, the user switches to the "Chat" tab again, where a new message from the AI assistant appears, timestamped at 8:51 AM. The message reads: "Investigated context window management for research features Investigated context window mechanisms for search and research features Good question — let me check the actual docs rather than guess. Investigated context window mechanisms for search and research features Short answer: deep research runs as a sub-agent in its own separate context window. Only the summary comes back into yours. A subagent handles the research in its Claude own separate context window, so the large file reads stay out of yours — only the summary and a small metadata trailer come back. Regular web search does eat context — but the results are snippets, not full pages. So it's relatively cheap per call. This is actually directly relevant to what you're building. Your two-layer architecture (index layer + content layer) is the same pattern — the consumer model searches against lightweight summaries, then selectively hydrates full content. Deep research just does this at query time rather than at storage time. Want to go back to the recursive codebook idea?".

KEY_FRAMES: [1, 6, 11, 12, 15]
